For Elec + Software:
Research on :  Depth + vision cameras (ex: Intel real sense camera), 2d LIDAR, Micro processors (jetson nano & rpi mostly, but if u find something better then we can go with it), Serial communication from arduino to micro processor, Motor Drivers (I would recommend u to  check cytron drivers as they have high current rating compared to normal L293 Motor drivers, https://robu.in/product/cytron-2amp-motor-driver-shield/ ), Planetary geared motors and hall effect encoders attached to these motors for odometry  (for the main chassis actuation).
Softwares & skills to begin with :
Arduino
Basic electronics and circuits
PCB designing ( we might need to custom design a shield for connections) - EAGLE software
 Python + RPI GPIO python codes
For Software:
Softwares & skills to begin with :
Python 3
Linux (Ubuntu 22.04)
ROS (Robot Operating system) 2 Iron Irwini (https://docs.ros.org/en/iron/ )
Path planning algorithms like RRT, RRT star and some specific libraries like OMPL for navigation + the list sent above
Localization technique's
Gazebo or RVIZ for the environment simulation
Multi Communication protocols
Optimized Swarm Algorithms
For Mech :
Research on Existing swarm of robots.
Research on package lifting mechanism.
Final rough ideated draft model of the finalized mechanism
Replicate an existing one (to be fixed after point 1.)
Deciding upon mechanical and electrical components with a good research
Designing final ideated model as an assembly
Kinematic and dynamic models of the robot
Kinematic and dynamic Analysis
Simulation of the whole robot
Simulation in a WareHouse Environment (software guys will help)
Softwares & skills to begin with :
Fusion - Design, rendering
Ansys - analysis
Some online softwares for kinematic and dynamic models
Gazebo or RVIZ for the environment simulation (assist the software team)

@Software members each of you should choose three papers from the below list (options : 1-3, 3-6, 7-9, 10-12, 13-15) and reply with one of the option that you choose in thread.
These are top famous research papers written by some of the famous professors and research scholars. So to download these papers go to google scholar (u should be connected to iitmwifi) and then download your respective papers.

Ant Colony Optimization (ACO)	Marco Dorigo	Simon Garnier
Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO)	James Kennedy and Russell C. Eberhart	
Artificial Bee Colony (ABC)	Dervis Karaboga	
Bacterial Foraging Optimization (BFO)		
Firefly Algorithm (FA)	Xin-She Yang	
Wolf Pack Algorithm (WPA)	Maged M. Dessouky	Hussein A. H. El-Sayed
Fish Schooling Algorithm	Xiaolong Wang	Wenjun Zhang
Bee Colony Algorithm	Christian Blum	Xiaodong Li
Plant Growth Algorithm	Aboul Ella Hassanien	Tarek Gaber
Spider Monkey Optimization		
Cuckoo Search Algorithm	Xin-She Yang	
Fungal Foraging Optimization Algorithm (FFOA)	Marco D. Santambrogio	Suash Deb
Algae-inspired Algorithms		
A* , RRT ...etc.	
